apm/python: update environment variables (#7282)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/setup/python.md

| ---------------------------------- | ----------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `DD_ENV`                           |             | Set the application’s environment e.g. `prod`, `pre-prod`, `staging`. Learn more about [how to setup your environment][6].                                                                                                                                                  |
| `DD_VERSION`                       |             | Set the application’s version e.g. `1.2.3`, `6c44da20`, `2020.02.13`.                                                                                                                                                                                                       |

> | `DD_SERVICE`                       |             | The service name to be used for this application. The value is passed through when setting up middleware for web framework integrations (e.g. pylons, flask, django). For tracing without a web integration, [prefer setting the service name in code](#integrations).      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `DD_SERVICE`                       |             | The service name to be used for this application. The value is passed through when setting up middleware for web framework integrations (e.g. Pylons, Flask, Django). For tracing without a web integration, it is recommended that you [set the service name in code](#integrations).      |
```
